docs: update ske-gui and ske release pages (#461)
syntasso/kratix-docs: docs/ske/50-releases/10-ske.mdx

## Release Notes

### [v0.45.0](http://syntasso-enterprise-releases.s3-website.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/#ske/v0.45.0/) (2026-04-17)

#### Features

* Promise and Resource Workflows can be retried after a given duration via an optional Workflow Control file.

> * Detail the retry state of pipeline executions in the `status.kratix` of Promises and Requests.

Reviewer: May I suggest merging these two points since they are about the same feature?

We could also link to the retry documentation from here. Retry docs are from a different PR, you can link to what's in this page: https://github.com/syntasso/kratix-docs/pull/451/changes#diff-b407861202667ba512ff27c6d2a2913e5d84be2c84f286ee644193819c23e2b4

#### Fixes

* Use label selectors for the Kratix Promise webhook.

> * Ensure cleanup happens when the workflow is Suspended and not Completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure pipeline jobs are cleaned up when the workflow is Suspended and not Completed.
```

> * Ensure we run the configure workflows when a resource request is Unpaused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure we run the configure workflows when a resource request is unpaused.
```
